Chris Unwin (He/Him): Hello there everybody and welcome to red gate d be
Chris Unwin (He/Him): That was a bit bit too close to, are you ready to rumble. I think
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Let's get ready to rumble way. Let's get ready to rumble. What was that, who was
Chris Kerswell: Backstreet Boys was that
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Was that the backs. Now is that
Chris Kerswell: Or five or something. They're all the same band basically
Chris Unwin (He/Him): producer Louise is like shaking her head.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh, it was Pj and Duncan for him was that byker Grove for
It was
Chris Kerswell: It was a
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Baker Grove.
Chris Kerswell: Okay, well, if anybody out there is wondering what song this is.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's PJ Duncan. Let's get ready to rumble. I'm sure it's on YouTube.
Chris Kerswell: Pretty sure let's get ready to rumble, the only song as well.
Chris Kerswell: Just song in slightly different ways.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I honestly byker Grove was a little bit before my time so
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And you're already a year older than me. Chris So
Two years.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Two years.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, you have any weight you had your 30th birthday last year.
Chris Kerswell: Last year 31st 31st 2020 31st. Lastly,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): When I'm so confused. Anyway, thank you everyone for dropping by. And welcome to DB L episode number we've completely forgotten at this point.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But that's fine, don't worry. We soldier on we stay safe we stay indoors. We stay near the beer because I don't want anyone pinching it
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Of course you are joining us here for DBS 28 the episode that we are affectionately referring to as the January bruise.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And it's actually all the more pertinent. I think that we're recording it on what is termed Blue Monday, but we'll get into that in just a moment. Of course, my name is the wonderful the obnoxious. The. A little bit yeah he's all right, Chris.
Chris Kerswell: And I'm also Chris
Chris Kerswell: Probably
Chris Unwin (He/Him): All right, Chris don't need to talk. My arm off about it, geez.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But no, seriously, Chris, how are you
Chris Kerswell: I'm doing pretty good. Thank you. How are you, I'm a little tired, actually.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, but otherwise I'm good. Yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Nice. Well, yeah, I'm very good to thank you and i think that's that's something that we take a little bit for granted is asking people how they are you join a meeting you speak to someone, you say, Hey, how are you, and they go, Yeah, I'm fine.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But the problem is
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Is that just a gut reaction, do we just say, Yeah, I'm fine, because that's what the other person expects to hear
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Well, this and obviously a couple of other topics will be tackling on this particular session. No, we're not going to be talking so much about
Chris Unwin (He/Him): To databases and to data's and the DevOps and all that sort of wonderful techie goodness, but actually in this particular DBS
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We're going to be talking a little bit more about beating the January blues about doing something that makes you a little bit happier and making something that doing something that
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know, helps you fight off that just that dark nurse that cold that whatever it is that usually comes with January.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So today's episode we're going to basically go into 10 of mine and Chris's top tips for how to beat the January blues. Isn't that right, Chris.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, well I do kind of feel for the people who get depressed in July.
Chris Kerswell: I better get this big push
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Well, I mean, the interesting thing is Blue Monday itself was actually a hoax created by the travel industry.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And effectively.
Chris Kerswell: If this is ready to buy an industry is a hoax or a marketing gimmick.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's a marketing gimmick.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Basically created by the travel industry effectively to inspire people to
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Book holidays right you know to go away somewhere sunny somewhere nice to spend that money. Interesting point of fact, though, is that
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It is it it's not making light of people who are really going through stuff right now. You know, there's a lot of people who are going through stuff right now and again this will all be on the discussion as we get into our main theme, lest we once again head off on a ridiculous tangent
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Never. That doesn't sound like us at all.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But we do have some good news to start off with, I realized that the news is kind of our end thing, but we do have some news for the beginning
Chris Kerswell: Some beginning news news.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Do you have a good theme song that we could use for the news at the beginning.
Chris Kerswell: Kind of wanted to go off of. Let's get ready to rumble song, but I don't do it justice.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Let's get ready to read news now. That sounded that that cadence of notes there kind of sounded more like mighty morphing Power Rangers.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Let's get ready to read news. Let's get ready to read news did. It did. It did. It did it now. Okay.
Chris Kerswell: Great, great thing train, by the way.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Amazing mighty most empowering just
Chris Unwin (He/Him): That and Dragon Ball Z like
Chris Unwin (He/Him): The one with the with the actual guitars that comes at the beginning phenomenal. But anyway, it is DDL and we have two bits of excellent news and then we have a beer. So first bit of good news.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): A bit of a harsh, bit of a drumroll
Chris Kerswell: I'm amazed how effective that is
Chris Unwin (He/Him): What did it sound quite good.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah dude, I go
Chris Kerswell: Stop.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): DBS has hit 10,000 unique downloads. That's right. We've hit our 10,000 magic lesson moment or magic listener moment, I guess we should magic listens magic thing. Yay.
Chris Kerswell: Words what defines our lesson.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Like, well, we don't care because we have 10,000 of
Chris Kerswell: Them. So, so I'm just intrigued like to someone to listen to the first five minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Now I have to listen to all of it. Chris, all of it every second.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I don't know either.
Chris Kerswell: But in any case, like what does YouTube markers or listen or Spotify. Anyway, no tangents Chris. Come on.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Chris. Is there anything you would like to say to our wonderful listeners, given that we've just hit this monumental checkpoint.
Chris Kerswell: Already know
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Okay, well, moving on. Then next piece of news so
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We actually are moving on to the to the beer. Oh no wait, hang on. No one thing I've left out. We're getting swag.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): When we hit 10,000 listens. The wonderful producer Louise and the two of us, knuckleheads are going to be getting matching outfits and basically it's going to have our names and faces and stuff on and it's going to be wonderful. I'm gonna love it.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, so if anyone didn't know how sad. We were IRL. They'll get to see us in our podcast supporting hoodies out IRL.
Yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, so that was the piece that was the other piece of news anyway.
Chris Kerswell: All those people who listen to this podcast and live in deepest deepest deepest, darkest. That's why I got beakers from deepest, darkest East Anglia.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yes, so I fed point. If you are a DB our listener and you live in the east of the UK, send us a tweet, because I'm really not sure where our listeners are from
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It'd be nice to be nice to take a quick poll. So if you're listening to dB. I'll send us a tweet, let us know where you're from. If you're from the east of ang the east of the East Anglia. The East of England.
Seminars
Chris Unwin (He/Him): That would be, that would be great. But given the theme we're talking about locality and we're talking about, you know, the thing is, this is a January, unlike any January, we've ever felt because we're in lockdown.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Or certainly we are here in the UK. And there are many, many countries around the world that have just gone back into lockdown and just coming out of lockdown.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Some form of lockdown. It's, it is it is a bit of a blue January so we thought, you know what, given the local lockdown. We're going to get a nice local beer.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): For the podcast. So Chris, what have you got for us today.
Chris Kerswell: Well, I have got an order from a three blind mice brewery, which is a local TV beer.
Chris Kerswell: So these guys, they are three funnily enough individuals who decided to in their spare time, open a brewery three blind mice brewery, and it
Chris Kerswell: Took off really well. They took the whole micro brewery thing and it exploded. So they've become a regular staple of the Cambridge beer festival by one Cambridge boat festival ran and we went to beer festivals and so person.
Chris Kerswell: they've opened a pub in the last few years, indeed equal to Draymond son great pub really nice job. And so I have from them. They're citrus oils. Now, which is probably not what they're most known for, but I've not had it before. So I want to give it a try.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Now, that's really interesting. I've, I've had three blind mice before actually at some of the other beer festivals. So I think they were at the Cambridge winter beer festival once
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And
Chris Unwin (He/Him): They were also incident.
Chris Kerswell: Is someone. Yeah, my favorite beer that I've had was one called cigarettes and coffee. I believe it was a stout that tasted like cigarettes and go feels amazing.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I mean you're not doing it justice.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): just tasted like you know cigarettes and coffee.
I mean, yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): That's fair enough, I suppose.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We're enjoying it over like a nice view. First thing in the morning, but we don't condone morning drinking
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Wonderful. So I have actually got myself here, a nice pack with brewery ale. So Papworth just up the road from me. This was actually purchased for me by my grandmother for Christmas. That's how you know you've
Chris Unwin (He/Him): made an impression when your grandmother's buying you alcohol.
Chris Kerswell: Is at least 5000 of our lessons.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): This is true, this is true. I'm not quite sure she knows what a Spotify is but we'll figure it out.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Let's go with that.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So this particular one is called the Whitfield cetera bolt. It's a citrusy golden ale. It's only about 3.8% it smells phenomenal because like a dingus. I've already
Chris Unwin (He/Him): deleted it. So I can already smell it.
Chris Kerswell: Now why
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I don't know. I was in summer, I haven't had anything. I haven't had any alcohol, since the third of January. So we get that's something that's just over two weeks for me.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I would say that's pretty good going. But yeah, trying to be a little bit healthier in January, trying not to drink so much, but I think this will be a well earned well deserved treat
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So without further ado, then Christian, we should we crack these open and get on with the gun with the podcast.
Let's
Chris Unwin (He/Him): To be fair, that was a good enough open for the both of us. So
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Now it's all in the Paul
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I have no idea if I actually sounded like a good beer pouring. I'm going to look at producer Louise and see if she could hear it. Yeah. Thumbs up. Excellent.
Chris Kerswell: Right after I do the Louise might have to describe my job to someone
Chris Kerswell: What did you get up to today. Well, for a good period of time I sat on a zoom call and watch two idiots. Pour beer into
Chris Kerswell: Specifically to try and make as much noise as possible while they do that.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's like adult chuckle vision, isn't it, really.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So all of our listeners who don't know what chuckle vision is you are thoroughly missing out. Google it immediately right now. Go ahead. I'll wait.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Chuckle the regular way chuckle vision.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Go on google.com that's the one choco vision right
Chris Kerswell: Well,
Chris Kerswell: I'll save that thousand listeners with you.
Chris Kerswell: Diverting our audience to other thing.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Joe watch chuckle vision. Now, pause the podcast. Go watch chuckle vision come back.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You ready to me.
Chris Kerswell: Mode.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I just shot it that nevermind anyway onto onto the theme because we've got a lot to
Chris Kerswell: Do you know yes sorry random one
Chris Kerswell: Out there were three Chuckle Brothers on track provision.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): What
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, but you didn't know that one Google that later.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I would definitely Google that later. Oh my gosh. This beer is incredible.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Wow.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's smooth it's fruity, you can really taste the sitter hops.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Sorry, I don't mean to dismiss your third chuckle brother thing. But my goodness this took me by surprise. This is yeah this is this is quite one of my favorite words to use that. I don't think I use enough is quite awful, awful.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Now I sound like I'm in a spelling bee.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Chris someone for coffee.
Chris Kerswell: Can use in a sentence, please.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): This beer is quite comfortable
Chris Kerswell: You a half
Chris Kerswell: A he
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Sorry.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But let's take a look at what you could have one. Oh, it's a speedboat oh I live in Birmingham. Okay.
Chris Kerswell: Okay, we just burnt, Chris.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): No, that's what happened on the old Bullseye program. Anyway, never mind. Oh look, it's a brand new car today.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh well. Anyway, today you still make cars. Apparently I think they do.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Anyway, any way moving swiftly on, we've got a beer that of course means it's time for our topic of the month. I was about to say topic of the week. And I was like, I don't want to move to filming DDL every single week I've been knackered
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So obviously it's January, we're in a bit of a lockdown sitch
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We can't really go out can't receive people can't really do much, and everyone is saying that they're fine.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So before we get into our top tips and today we're going to be doing our top tips on
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know how to how to really beat the January blues, how to make yourself feel just that little bit happier, how to really inspire yourself. But one thing that I would say
Chris Unwin (He/Him): That you can't you can't dismiss in all of this. Of course you are. Number one, you should definitely be thinking of yourself because it's really important to care about yourself and obviously look after yourself but do make sure you're also looking after others.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): There are a couple of things that we can do in this lockdown that brings other people joy feedback like we spoke about on previous print on previous podcasts, really, really important.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): compliments like actually just calling someone out. Oh, hey, is that a new jumper you're wearing it looks really nice. I really like your hair these sorts of things. Just make someone's day, ask them how they are just be there to listen. If you can
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It really helps. Oh.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Not to Chris. Chris don't it's
Chris Kerswell: Not. This is not new jumper I've shaved my hair.
Chris Kerswell: Preferred all of the others for
Chris Kerswell: Congress much them anyway.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Anyway, moving on. So we have for you 10 top tips, not just tips top tips tip toes frosted tips.
Chris Kerswell: You've been taking your
Chris Kerswell: English lessons from philosophy.
Chris Kerswell: Top secret tips before January.
Chris Kerswell: Gluten won't believe what number three is
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Doctors hey Chris's
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Find out no secret.
Chris Kerswell: Just asked him a lot of questions in Google things on your phone while you're in the surgery.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Doctors, is it by swag with your face on that beats the January boos. That's the whole article
Chris Kerswell: I think that's the tip.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, every
Chris Unwin (He/Him): retail therapy spend beyond your means
Chris Kerswell: No. Yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): live a life of luxury and home where we can't leave. Anyway, now we are of course going to talk about how we're going to beat January and locked down and
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Let's go with, let's go with number one. So Chris, and I've come up with five ideas. Each and we're going to say the idea and then we're going to explain the idea as well, of course, a good host always let's another good host go first. So, Chris.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You go first.
Chris Kerswell: Oh, are will go first because I'm not attached to a bad host
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Is this
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Good host bad host
Chris Kerswell: Good host bad hires.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's like I'm, I'm the one who's like, Hey, welcome to DB L and you're like, why are you listening to DB Al Gore, I got nothing better to do.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah yeah like nagging the audience.
Chris Kerswell: So I am going to start with my top tip number one, there's going to be a lot of overlap here, I think, between all the screen about before and working from home because that Congress life now for a lot of people, and one of them wanted is
Chris Kerswell: Hygiene which sounds like a weird one. But
Chris Kerswell: Yeah.
Chris Kerswell: You know a lot of people will adjust their work from home.
Chris Kerswell: I just day to day routine quite dramatically. I'm going to come onto route routine more later. Spoiler alert.
Chris Kerswell: And if you do things like wake up right up to your first meeting at nine o'clock straight out of bed still in your pajamas.
Chris Kerswell: That doesn't really set your set your well for the day, maintaining good hygiene and having a shower when you you know you usually would is highly recommend it because it just puts you in the right frame of mind to kick things off.
Chris Kerswell: And not only that, but
Chris Kerswell: Generally, there's a good correlation between feeling good.
Chris Kerswell: Health wines feeling good cleanliness wise and feeling good happiness wise, so help yourself out or shower.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): They do say that cleanliness is next to Godliness. And I, I enjoy starting my 9am meetings with a hefty God Complex.
Exactly, yes.
Chris Kerswell: For your summer meetings in your case.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah. Well, I like the only ones. I actually, I actually prefer to shower at the end of the day, or after I've exercised but
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Mostly end of the day.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And the reason that I like to shower at the end of the day is that I heard from I was listening to another podcast actually
Chris Unwin (He/Him): There's a podcast. Oh gosh. And this is great for Wellness. So if you're listening 100% go and check this podcast out, it's, it's the feel better live longer podcast by Dr rangan Chattahoochee
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And he's phenomenal and he has lots of guests on and they talk about everything from like mindfulness through diet through
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Sleep and everything like that.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And I'm pretty sure I heard. On one of his podcasts that if you have a shower before bed. It raises your body temperature significantly and the coming down of that body temperature.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It imitates in some way that coming down of your body temperature when you fall asleep.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Because when you fall asleep. Your body temperature drops. So if you start higher as your body temperature drops, whilst you're in bed it simulates that same experience which eases your body into sleeping.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. That is really good. Jeremy to just relax your muscles as well, like a hot so
Chris Kerswell: For me, I can do that if you try and get sleep.
Chris Kerswell: But then some people are just like me and sweat profusely during the night. So wouldn't really set me up well for the next day.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We could always shower both, you know, there's no reason why you couldn't
Chris Kerswell: That's true.
Chris Kerswell: Because you couldn't have a short stay in the shower, just one continuous shower.
Chris Kerswell: Throughout all of lockdown.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We can all pretty much work from our phones and most phones these days are waterproof so become a prune live life in water summon the cracking and do some work.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, talk to her.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Hey, so number two, then, is I'm going to take this one. It's going to be the opposite of
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Getting further inside, you know, going to the shower. It's going to be the other direction out the front door and into nature. So my top tip is get outside and or get some vitamin D.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So studies have shown that actually being closer to nature can bring about a huge amount of well being. One study showed that
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Just taking your socks off and walking barefoot.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Across grass can have a really positive effect on your body as a whole.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's surprising how just being around trees and grass and animals if possible. If you've got a park nearby. It doesn't take much just getting out is really important, and especially vitamin D. We need vitamin D to maintain a healthy body. If you live in an area like
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I don't know if you live anywhere that sunny right now I'm looking at you, Australia, then you generally. Okay. Just make sure you don't burn. Make sure you take proper precautions with the sun.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And we don't have that problem here in the UK, where you know English summer is probably the best day of the calendar year.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): If you are, you know, living in an area that gets less than average sun in the Nordic countries in the UK, etc. Canada.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Do make sure that you're taking any vitamin D supplements and keeping an eye on those vitamin D levels.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): As being outside in nature and also getting a vitamin D. I suppose these are two points but coupled together can have a really positive impact on your well being mental health and happiness.
Chris Kerswell: Oh, make sense, yes.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I think so.
Chris Kerswell: My number three. So,
Chris Kerswell: kind of alluded to, but have a good routine and stick to the routine and people
Chris Kerswell: Like routine in general, I know everyone's different. And some people breaking in very different ways but
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, we would usually have a routine and sticks that routine and usually before, for example, my routine would be get up, have a shower, get dressed. Right. Those are two words.
Chris Kerswell: That I continued from there and now the go to work, step is very definitely changed but
Chris Kerswell: The routine is still there. It's just the community.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, I still see people just like these people virtually otherwise.
Chris Kerswell: It's mostly the same still do the nine to five just in my house, rather than have you. Yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Now, it's interesting. I do find that routine generally does help. I found myself replacing the morning commute with
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Like a nice healthy breakfast, whereas before I was getting to work, I was working a lot beyond the hours that I was actually
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know contractually obliged to work because I was taking the bus early because I didn't like sitting on packed buses if I'd have, you know,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I could have just sat on the bus got on got to work by pop our state started work half past eight finished help us for offer pop on the way I'm
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But it wasn't really that simple.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So I had to go in a bit earlier to avoid the crowd, get a seat on the bus, that sort of thing.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And I was doing a lot more work than was healthy for me. And, you know, often you do stay beyond our past for, don't you, you, you, you pull into one more meeting you grab someone on their way out the door by x y Zed.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Naturally, you end up getting home kind of later and later within the so
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Actually, I found that this has inspired a much nicer routine. I've been able to cook much healthier food. I've been able to you know I get up off of my seat and I go over to the kitchen and I cook and we're eating at a reasonable time so
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Building out these routines are so good for you as well. And really good for kids as well for structure.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah. The other nice thing about routines. This is the same as well my habits bad habits.
Chris Kerswell: Routine is a really good way to introduce things that you want in your life. So going outside. For example, exercise, maybe
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh, well, that's an excellent point. Because my next recommendation, point, point number four, I think.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Is exercise and drink lots of water. So it's actually combining a few of the previous points to get outside, get some vitamin D.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And routine as well. Build exercise into that routine and you know it doesn't, you're not expected to be
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know, Mo Farah Usain Bolt Jason Gatlin. No one expects you to break the sound barrier by running, although I do fiercely run past the slow down sign over near the school in my town.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Because the moment you go above 20 miles an hour. It starts flashing at you. So I like to really run and see if one day or tell me to slow down. That's like my ultimate goal.
Chris Kerswell: But that's quite an aspiration is
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's quite fast. I realized that 20 miles an hour is quite quick
Very
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But it's fine. I'm fine. I could do that.
Chris Kerswell: aspirational goals. Right.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, exactly. It's nice to have something to shoot for. And occasionally, it's nice and a car comes driving up behind me as I'm running past here. I'm like, it's flashing and
Chris Kerswell: 23
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yes, exactly. And
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Exercise beyond just being good for you. I think we can all agree that exercise is good for your body, right, it helps you lose.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Weight, it helps you stay
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Fit. It helps reduce inflammation outs. All these sorts of things helps reduce the chance of chronic disease.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But it's just a good way to get out, get out of your own head.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I like to put BBC Radio one on everyone's got their own jogging players. I just listened to Radio one and I liked listening to people like Nick Grimshaw and Scott Mills just talking
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Because now you know Nick Grimshaw the other day had a, like a Harry Potter quiz off against the 12 year old girl.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And they were just yeah they were answering questions. They were both getting
Chris Kerswell: All the time you've diverted listeners away to other things.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Well, they had this they had this Harry Potter quiz off and I'm just running along I'm not even paying attention to the fact that every limb in my body is going. We should stop. Let's find a pub.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): If it were open. Sit down and order chips and bear like my entire body is going well. But I'm not aware of that, because my brain is somewhere else. I'm like,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh, come on. It's the Sorting Hat. It's called the Sorting Hat and before I know it. I'm 40 minutes into a run. I back home. And that's it. It's
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It's just a really good
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Positive thing you can do for your body.
Chris Kerswell: Indeed, point number five.
Chris Kerswell: The
Chris Kerswell: So this is one that will vary depending on your living situation and how fortunate you are and but I would say, having an isolated work area really really helps me personally.
Chris Kerswell: Having somewhere that he even if it is a physical demarcation you make that isn't grounded in the actual physical objects. So, for example, stepping up stepping out the room stepping into the room.
Chris Kerswell: But having a location where you work in a location. We don't work is really important.
Chris Kerswell: So,
Chris Kerswell: If you don't do that, what you can find is that you will associate your living areas with work which can be a great way of making you feel like your work all the time, which
Chris Kerswell: Isn't a hugely positive feeling for a lot of people. Yeah, pretty easy way to introduce burner, but also mean that you won't as strictly maintained your routine.
Chris Kerswell: You won't work your nine to five or more work your night or seven which becomes your way your nine to nine. And then for, you know, you wake up you work, you go to sleep.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah. And even if you do, you know, even if we're talking metaphorically right even just being able to one of my favorite things is when it gets to Friday. My so Andrea and her cousin and I what we like to do is when the weekend rolls around.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Given that we're under lockdown. We've been playing a lot of table. Table Top kind of fantasy role playing games like
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Mansions of Madness.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So that has been a really good staple in our house. We've got tons of expansions. We've got all the different like cards and tiles and scenarios. So we need to play that on our dining room table. Of course I work on my dining room table because, you know, my wife's in the in the office.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Cousins in a room.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): There's nowhere else for me to go. So I've set my my I've set the desk up basically in such a way that it's really easy to fold everything away and to stack it down.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Compact Lee by the side of the table so it doesn't hinder me putting it back up. It's not a hard thing to do.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know, I can recreate my working environment within two minutes if I want to. But the point is, it's not on the dining room table.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So we're free to eat, to play board games with free to do whatever we like and that symbolically is more meaningful than I think having an actual separate room.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, I think so. Again, another example here, like I'm in a room again. I'm lucky that I've got a room, I can dedicate to an office, but I've got
Chris Kerswell: You know, I use this office for personal time as well as work time. It's just you. I don't let it bleed into one. So I always make sure I have a break between those two things happening if I'm going to switch machine and play on my PC, rather than working on my laptop.
Chris Kerswell: Well then, as I said, Just go outside downstairs, come back in and then do something else. You know, that sounds a bit weird that you just leave the room and come in again. But that's the grab a drink. It's to go to the loo. It's to have didn't
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Do the things you would otherwise do in an office through
Chris Kerswell: Representative commute almost
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, absolutely. And, you know, even just so much a standing up. I think a lot of people underestimate the power of standing up. But that's why we're seeing so many more standing desks. Now as well is that
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know, it's very easy at home to sit for so long. There are times where I'm sat down for four hours at a time on demonstrations at the red gate software.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And then I stand up and my, my legs are like oh I forgotten about standing up or
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And you're like,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh yeah, I should have done this a while ago. So that's why I'm making sure one of my top tips for that is not having too big, not having to bigger glass for water.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And then the moment the glass empties
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Go and get a new glass of water. Yes, it means you, you know, it means the hassle of refilling a glass more often. But it means that you stand up.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And go and do something every
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Half an hour 40 minutes anyway. And that's really good.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I suppose that goes into your routine category, though.
Chris Kerswell: Yes, it does. I'm actually going to do another one of mine now because I was on. It was very closely related, if you don't mind. Chris So
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I mean, um, yeah. Go ahead.
Chris Kerswell: So speaking of commutes and missing your commute. For me, my commute was about half hour 45 minutes drive depending on traffic and that was time that I would listen to an audiobook
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And now you just go and sit in the car for half an hour.
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, exactly.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): hands on the steering wheel not going anywhere.
Chris Kerswell: But I love audio books. I got really into them.
Chris Kerswell: But I've noticed that since lockdown 2020 started my audio book listening has gone down sharply, because I just don't have the time to do anymore, usually my times for listening to them would be household chores, it would be
Chris Kerswell: Cooking commuting and go to the gym.
Chris Kerswell: You're going to the gym and commuting is now off the table, which means I only household chores and cooking, which
Chris Kerswell: You know, to our forums and bad, I guess, but it's just not as regularly and that time that time to just unwind and think about something else and
Chris Kerswell: Do something completely different. I think was definitely lost. And I think just recognize the fact that everyone needs a bit of you time and not just in yourself and other people as well. Like some people might want to just be on their phone for like 20 minutes or so.
Chris Kerswell: It's it's a natural distinction and then natural. You don't even have to have you time
Chris Kerswell: Completely in your own isolated room by any means, but sometimes you time just means hanging out on the sofa and not interacting with someone
Chris Kerswell: You know, we're all somewhere on the scale of introverts and extroverts and some people just recharge, a bit more from having their own personal space.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Weirdly, you would think that I was too far on that scale to enjoy my own personal time and at the moment I'm left to my own devices. The voices when but
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But no, I am I, I completely agree. Sometimes all you need is a bit of time to just recharge just, you know, is these sorts of times where my brain. I'm just going, you do you, boo. Just take that time.
Chris Kerswell: And that's yourself as boo.
Boo.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah course. Now you gotta love yourself, and that's giving yourself time time being the most precious resource.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I think is one of the best ways of showing
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yourself love
Chris Kerswell: This time sound like lyrics, too.
Chris Kerswell: Many a pop song I feel anyway. Carry on.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Well, the carry on is just going to be my next point. So, interestingly, given that I was talking there about being grateful for time that I can spend, you know, by myself time that I can spend with my own thoughts to recharge.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): My next point my next tip, as it were, which I forgot what number tip it is but
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Find something to be grateful for every day. It's really, really hard. You would think it's really easy. Okay, day one. I'm really grateful for having a roof over my head. Day two, I'm really grateful for Family Day three, I'm really grateful for the food on my table day for day 30
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I'm really grateful I didn't stub my toe today know you've really got to come up with
Chris Kerswell: Was be grateful that you don't have to say when you don't have to think
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yes, oh my gosh, the single worst pain in the world.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Of course to take. Yeah, very grateful for that. But interestingly, there's a lot of apps and a lot of different ways that you can record your gratitude.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And you can even look back on it and and it can bring you joy in the future as well.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So there's apps like happy feed happy feed is a good one, where you have to record three things that you're grateful for, at the end of the day, you can include pictures.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And that happy feed evolves over time so that you look back at the last year, the last two years, the last three years, kind of like the whole timeline thing.
Chris Kerswell: School
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And effectively shows you the things that you were grateful for and reminds you of that and uses your past gratitude to make you happy again.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): In the present and the future. So that's a really good one also keeping track of the things you love and that you're grateful for using like
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Passion planners, or there's like their six second diary. Now that's quite popular these sorts of things where you can record what you're grateful for. It's really, really good for just, you know, helping you stay thankful helping you stay grounded.
Chris Kerswell: Which brings me to a great segue into my final point, I believe.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I've still got two left. Hahaha.
Chris Kerswell: I'm just being advantageous. Anyway, so
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Advantageous
Chris Unwin (He/Him): A de de
Chris Unwin (He/Him): De
Mer.
Chris Kerswell: Sir lists and specifically to the list. And this is going to appeal to some types of people more than others, but it's very easy to feel overwhelmed.
Chris Kerswell: A lot of time we
Chris Kerswell: take on more tasks. Before we play things off. And there's two different analogies. I really like. First one is spinning plates.
Chris Kerswell: So we've all seen the spinning plates trick way you've got former who spends lots of plates.
Chris Kerswell: It's amazing how many plates, they can keep spinning and just keep adding the spinning plates spinning plates. But there's a limit. There's only so many placing keep spinning at a time.
Chris Kerswell: Need to recognize and realize this. The other analogy I really like is around children monkeys. So every task you take on as a treasury monkey every single one.
Chris Kerswell: And you keep adding chattering monkeys and tutoring Monkeys. Monkeys with every new task, until eventually your head is just full with constant noise from these monkeys that are
Chris Kerswell: Telling you, are you need to do this need to do this, you need to do this, you need to do this for me to do this your worry and anxiety about actually doing the tasks that you don't get around to hold you back from doing the tasks which clears out the monkeys.
Chris Kerswell: Easy way to
Chris Kerswell: Break that down structure, it is quite simply to do lists, put a list of children monkeys that you have and then start methodically going through them break you.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Know, yeah. I completely agree. And I think sorting as well and prioritization comes into that way. You've got, you know, if you've got three or four children monkeys.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Naturally, you can put them all down, it's kind of obvious which one. You've got to do and
Chris Unwin (He/Him): If we were to explain it almost in database terms you know you've got processes here and maybe some a dead locking and you've got to figure out what what needs to be done to take out that deadlock, right, you've got to figure out the the blocking hierarchy there but
Chris Kerswell: Yeah, I think sometimes it's like what you'll do is you'll put down to do this and yeah you prioritize it. This is most important, the most important, most people, most time consuming. If you literally just need to make yourself feel better than chance through the quick wins.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah.
Chris Kerswell: And just check some of these things off. So you don't think or worry that your to do list is too long.
Chris Kerswell: List is just the one important thing
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Interestingly, whenever I make a to do list. The first item on that to do list is always make to do list.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And it sounds a bit silly, but actually making a to do list that's 1015 items long and then being able to take the first one off that
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Hey, well, I've already started. I'm already 50 I'm already one 15th of the way to the end of the to do list. It gives you that feeling of accomplishment.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Because you've sat down, you've put pen to paper or fingertip phone or whatever.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And you've got a list and actually sometimes. That's the first step. That's the hardest thing to do. And even if you defer certain tasks, even if they become pushed tasks that you can't achieve with the time given you've got them on a list. So you can always refer to that if you need to.
Chris Kerswell: My favorite way of doing this by the way is to divide it between urgency and importance.
Chris Kerswell: So this is what's known as an Eisenhower matrix split up your tasks between what is
Chris Kerswell: urgent and important urgent, but not important, important but not urgent and neither important nor urgent.
Chris Kerswell: And that gives you a very easy way to prioritize tasks and maybe even forget about some tasks you don't actually need to do
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, it's interesting, and were obviously a lot of tasks are similar in terms of importance or urgency, you could of course sort them into a different matrix which is like effort versus impact.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Which will then help with getting those quick wins.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Cool. All right. Well, in that case, then, now that you've exhausted your list. Haha, I guess.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): The last two
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Tremendous so number nine is is quite simply message some old friends message. Some people you haven't spoken to in a while, who you miss or
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know who it just hasn't been top of your agenda. Think back to school University. Think back to the friends that you've made and ping them a message, just send them a text or tweet. Yo, and Instagram message, whatever it is, just to let them know that you were thinking of them.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): It might strike up a really cool conversation or at the very least, it might just make someone feel good make someone realized that someone was thinking about them. And yeah, that's just a really good way of staying connected with people when you feel like you can't be
Chris Kerswell: Absolutely really easy to feel I can either that alone. Yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And the final one, then, is I think probably summed up quite nicely. And most of our points, but do something you love or find something new. You can love and, you know, this could be anything. This could be from, you know,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): firing up your
Chris Unwin (He/Him): PC and playing the windows 95 classic Grim Fandango which I believe has been remastered and released on maybe steam and Gog
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Or it could be playing cards. It could be playing carcass on. I love carcass on or you know anything, video games films.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): TV series, find a new series I've actually just speak to your point on routine. Chris, I actually have been watching both Star Trek discovery and also the chilling adventures of Sabrina on Netflix.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): As windows as one does. And what I've done is I found that I can fit an entire episode into my, into the period of time before I start work.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): If I have my break first and my first coffee of the day was watching and actually it's quite a nice way to start the day because I don't start the day thinking
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know, oh gosh, I've got that meeting and oh my goodness this is going to be such a problem or
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You know house worries money worries, nothing like that. You literally start the day thinking
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Or I'm really looking forward to that Barry porridge. And my coffee and. Oh, I wonder what's going to happen in Sabrina or Star Trek.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So find something that you love and do a little bit of it every day, whether it's painting or games or TV series, just do a little bit
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And the cliffhanger. The, the thing, the thing that, you know, playing or watching leaves you on, you know, it inspires you to keep going and you know once you come to say the end of a TV series or the end of a show.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): There's a million other ones out there. So just pick another one and then go again. And it you know
Chris Unwin (He/Him): unless unless you're a university student right now. I doubt you could watch the entire catalog of everything on Netflix, Amazon Prime BBC I player. All of these sorts of series and streaming sites.
Chris Kerswell: Cool.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And of course, a bonus point. Listen to DB every day.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh, naturally go back and listen to our back catalogue. You got 27 episodes to pick from. Just pick one. Listen.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I can
Chris Kerswell: Show your mom needs encouragement at this point. She's already changing them.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I can assure you it's 101% cruelty free except for in my direction and delicious because bear
Chris Kerswell: Chris your delicious time be unkind to yourself.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh, you
Chris Kerswell: All right, then let's move on shall we
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, so we've taken up most of our time. We only have a little bit of time left. So a couple of things that we've got to update you on because we're moving now into
Chris Unwin (He/Him): The news.
I got
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You read the room wrong.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Okay, yeah.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Oh yeah. Welcome to the new are you doing it like a DJ a children's party.
Chris Kerswell: At 630 vindaloo
Anyway, moving on the news. This is not going to be fun to edit. Moving on to the news.
Chris Kerswell: So to to kind of one DVR specific piece of news and one red gate specific news that's actually really, really exciting. So
Quiet.
Can you still hear me.
Chris Kerswell: Maybe not the mic. Did I knock knock knock.
Chris Kerswell: Knock, knock.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Knock the mic. Oh.
Chris Kerswell: I don't know why but yeah you've your volume levels drastically reduced.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So, can you hear me if I speak like this.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yes. Okay. Well, I'll just be really very intimate and close with the microphone.
Chris Kerswell: Oh,
Chris Unwin (He/Him): For the benefit of those listening at home. I just made tongue waggling motions at my microphone.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): So the first piece of news is congratulations to the winner of the DB ale end of year beer competition, your beer is winging its way all the way to you in sunny Northern England.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Of course, tough luck to anyone else who entered obviously hotly contested, but there's always later on there's always going to be more chances for you to win. So do keep listening and you never know when you might win a crate of DB ale beer.
Chris Kerswell: So, for the record is not dB or beer.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): No, it's not. It's beer. Yeah, that's
Chris Unwin (He/Him): This is true.
Chris Kerswell: yet learned take notes.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, Lou anyway. The second piece of news which is actually really exciting is that
Chris Kerswell: So my palate. Oh.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): No, you can take that one in a minute.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): No, then the next one is that red gate.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Is actually conducting a red gate summit on February the 17th and 18th of 2021 2021 is obviously the big year for database DevOps.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And we've got a lot of different database technologies, a lot of push towards the cloud. A lot of onus on CI and CD moving into 2021. So what is it all about and how do we get started. Well, interestingly, if you go to
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Read dash gate.com forward slash
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Hub and click on events or go to a red dash eight.com forward slash forward slash events. I'm not going to tell you how to get there, but go there.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): You'll find a little banner that says the red gate.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Summit, the future of database DevOps and you can actually sign up, you can actually register for this event. Now there's going to be some incredible sessions from some amazing speakers, including
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Promote the director of thought works. We've got that right guys. Very own grant Richie Steve Jones, Kendra little etc. Some powerhouses of the database world, including Kellen pop and Gorman
Chris Unwin (He/Him): From Microsoft john Martin Samir Bukhara Carlos Rob layers Kathy kellenberger there's there's tons of people taking part. It's tremendous and there's going to be a ton of information on adopting database DevOps cross DB database DevOps a whole bunch of other things, basically.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Red dash k.com forward slash
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Forward slash events and you'll be able to get your superstar ticket for that event as well, so don't miss out, go and sign up now.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And those were the DB and red gate news. So Chris, did you have a
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Did you have a piece of news to finish us off something that's perhaps data breach related
Chris Kerswell: So two quick
data breaches.
And average monthly
Chris Kerswell: Things you love what Capcom games do you love, Chris.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I'm a big fan of Resident Evil four
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Predominantly for the person that you buy things off of the trader, just because when you go up to them. They go what lip be stranger.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And for some reason, I just I harmonize with that I kind of feel like I would say that if I was working at a supermarket, like if they came up like working at all costs, and they come up with a ticket and like what led be stranger.
Chris Kerswell: Like so much free time.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): I'm looking for. I'm looking for a shoe box and a lamp. Good choice.
Chris Kerswell: This is the deli counter though.
Chris Kerswell: So,
Chris Kerswell: Anyway can home were hit by a
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Car and
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Video Game form. Oh.
Chris Kerswell: So,
Chris Kerswell: Some someone somewhere probably a specific group of people who have a specific ransomware called Ragnar locker.
Chris Kerswell: Targeted Capcom I'm installed this bit of software. So we've heard of ransomware before it essentially
Chris Kerswell: Spreads maliciously across an infected system and encrypts a huge amount of files and then charges. Your ransom to encrypted. This is a fairly interesting spin on that take
Chris Kerswell: Or it does the exact same thing except instead of encrypting it in order to
Chris Kerswell: Give it back to you. It also downloads copies of it and threatens you with a data breach effectively by saying that we're going to release all the data we found
Chris Kerswell: If you don't pay as well as you're not getting the copies of data back
Chris Kerswell: So in the modern day, you're probably taking backups. And if you're taking regularly scheduled backups, or if you're using appropriate records management actually might be pretty well protected if someone
Chris Kerswell: Decides to just encrypt all your data you've got three copies of every file anyway on one drive and SharePoint and Dropbox or whatever system you're using as well as your local machine. So this is kind of a clever way to also get that ransom out of people.
Chris Kerswell: And so yeah, they the group who have created this bit of ransomware infected it on the Capcom system Capcom evidently didn't pay the ransom. And so the data was published on the Ragnar Locklear website.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And the
Chris Kerswell: Website, but the website located on the dark web. So feel free to access that if you so feel the need
Chris Unwin (He/Him): To encourage people to the dark web Chris
Chris Kerswell: Second one is
Chris Kerswell: very relevant. I guess but Pfizer hit
Chris Kerswell: Well, not specifically Pfizer, but the European Medical Association. I believe that's what AMA stands for
Chris Kerswell: And Medicines Agency, sorry.
Chris Kerswell: So they were hit by a cyber attack from a
Chris Kerswell: What has been loosely termed as a
Chris Kerswell: Specific national agency.
Chris Kerswell: No one's specifically saying who the national agency probably is, but
Chris Kerswell: You can guess. It's one of to the fact that the data showed up on a Russian message board on the dark web then kind of gives you a bit more of an indication
Chris Kerswell: And specifically, what was taken was a selection of documents that related to the Pfizer and the operators, the Medina vaccine Madonna vaccine. Sorry.
Chris Kerswell: So the trial information. So back and forth emails peer reviews that information was taken and then modified before being released to the public.
Chris Kerswell: Specific
Chris Kerswell: Intention of throwing the vaccines integrity into down because of course it was.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah. Interesting.
Chris Kerswell: So yeah, to, to, I guess it's two databases, more specifically to hacks this this
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Yeah, really interesting. Yeah, I don't think we've had an accidental data breach for a little while now we're starting to we're getting more on to just hackers and ransomware and that sort of thing, but
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Interesting all the same.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): But lo and behold, we've hit our, our time we've talked about ways of getting through the January blues, how to be a bit more positive bit more upbeat in today's world.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And of course, we just want to say we didn't just pass over the 10,000 lessons earlier course we didn't
Chris Unwin (He/Him): We just want you to know that we are here in dB L really really pleased to be offering a podcast that people listen to and hopefully people like
Chris Unwin (He/Him): If you'd like to just send us a tweet and let us know how long you've been listening. If you're a first time listener or if you've been with us.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): since the very beginning, since, you know, the very first few lessons that we had
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Now that we've hit 10,000 we'd love to hear from you. If you are a regular listener, just send us a tweet at Kurzweil Chris at plant based sequel, it would absolutely make our days to hear if you've a made it the whole way through this podcast. In fact, well done.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And secondly, if you've stuck with us.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): Through the years. Now, let alone the month. So it's a massive, massive thank you for me.
Chris Kerswell: Very easy for me.
Chris Unwin (He/Him): And for now, yes.